well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I guess it is time for me to
convey calm because my inbox filled up I
understand the news is a little
unnerving
but there's no reason to panic there's
no reason to panic and we're gonna go
through some stuff that hopefully will
convey calm if you are not aware
China has quarantined a pretty large
city and that can be unnerving so years
ago I attended a pandemic prevention
conference and it was put on by FEMA and
the CDC for security professionals most
of it they kind of got a bad guest list
most the people that I knew that were
there they didn't have facilities that
they were in charge of they were
contract but that's what most of the
conference was about was about how to
deal with it in a facility that you were
tasked with handling the thing is there
was one presenter she was really smart
and related things very well provided
some information that I'm going to
provide to you right now
she was like your security professionals
when you're talking to your client you
you paint the best picture possible
right we're going now of course that's
not what we do well not what I did don't
do that anymore but the you tend to
actually give worst-case scenarios
because you want to produce an abundance
of caution in your client you want them
to understand that this can happen if
you don't do X the job is to stop bad
things from happening and then she
pointed out that they are kind of like
security health professionals and their
client is the American people so they
present scenarios that are possible but
are kind of worst case and that's good
because it produces an abundance of
caution the problem is the media gets
ahold of that they run with it they
bring in their own Talking Heads the
next thing you know panic is ensued and
everybody's picturing that little monkey
from outbreak it's not the case the
other thing she said was that before we
produced our response we should wait to
get the demographic information of the
first cluster of patients those that
didn't recover because that's gonna tell
us a whole lot about anything new
because in the beginning they don't
really know how to treat it they're kind
of guessing so those are gonna be the
ones that are going to be hit the
hardest we have that information okay
one was forty to fifty one was fifty to
sixty five were sixty to seventy two
were 70 to 80 and eight were 80 and
older more than half had diagnosed
pre-existing conditions and serious ones
like Parkinson's coronary artery disease
stuff like that stuff that could
complicate any efforts to treat more
than half had known pre-existing
based on that this probably isn't the
Doomsday pandemic
it looks like it's affecting those that
are already in some way compromised now
this is assuming that we are getting all
of the information that's available with
that they are telling us everything that
they know normally they do because they
want to produce an abundance of caution
out of everything that I've seen there's
only one thing that's a little a little
worrisome and that's that not everybody
had a fever and that's worrisome because
that's the main way that people are
screened at major hubs of transportation
that they look for fever the fact that
you could be infected and not have a
fever that that's a little worse but
again not not enough to panic okay so
how do you prevent it the same way you
do almost anything else wash your hands
frequently you know if you see somebody
who appears sick stay away keep your
distance
sneeze and do a tissue or the crease of
your elbow it's normal stuff there was
also something about not handling
animals but I think that was specific to
China I'm not sure but I don't think
that has anything to do with the u.s. so
that's pretty much it I don't see
anything to really panic about they're
pretty good at what they do they really
are they get a handle on things pretty
quickly they've realized that
surveillance of a new threat as it moves
and as it grows is almost disaffected as
developing new treatments because as
long as you know what's going on you can
counteract it and some of the steps may
seem dramatic
such as quarantine a pretty big city but
it helps keep it under control I really
don't see this as the giant pandemic
everybody's worried about the problem is
with the way the media handles these
things eventually we will have that
pandemic it's gonna happen we are going
to have a bad pandemic at some point in
the future it's guaranteed the worry is
that because the media handles every
possible pandemic and treats every
situation as if it could just spiral out
of control at any second
that when that pant then it comes people
are going to be burned out kind of a boy
who cried wolf thing based on this I'm
not a doctor but based on this I don't
think it's time to break out the gas
masks I don't think it's time to really
freak out yet so just stay calm do what
you do and let them do what they do
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night